[Logs] Adds query optimization tips to Log Explorer (#16717)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/logs/log-explorer.mdx

  --url-query query="SELECT clientRequestMethod, clientRequestPath, clientRequestProtocol FROM http_requests WHERE date = '2023-10-12' LIMIT 500"
```

### Additional query optimization tips

- Narrow your query time frame. Focus on a smaller time window to reduce the volume of data processed. This helps avoid querying excessive amounts of data and speeds up response times.

> - Avoid `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses. These clauses can slow down queries, especially when dealing with large datasets. For queries that return a large number of records, reduce the time frame instead of limiting to the newest `N records` from a broader time frame.

Reviewer: nit: "Avoid" makes it sounds like these clauses are bad per se, which they're not.

nit: "records" shouldn't be in code font

```suggestion
- Omit `ORDER BY` and `LIMIT` clauses. These clauses can slow down queries, especially when dealing with large datasets. For queries that return a large number of records, reduce the time frame instead of limiting to the newest `N` records from a broader time frame.
```

> - Select only necessary columns. For example, replace `SELECT *` with the list of specific columns you need. You can also use `SELECT RayId` as a first iteration and follow up with a query that filters by the Ray IDs and retrieves any relevant columns. Additionally, you can use `SELECT COUNT(*)` to probe for time frames with matching records without retrieving the full dataset.

Reviewer: nit: minor wording, feel free to disregard

```suggestion
- Select only necessary columns. For example, replace `SELECT *` with the list of specific columns you need. You can also use `SELECT RayId` as a first iteration and follow up with a query that filters by the Ray IDs to retrieve additional columns. Additionally, you can use `SELECT COUNT(*)` to probe for time frames with matching records without retrieving the full dataset.
```
